hey guys how's it goin this is billiard
world and today we're revisiting two DMR
weapons that I reviewed earlier on in
the year the m39 EMR and the SKS if you
haven't already checked out either of
these reviews yet take a look because
most of the information is still current
I've got both videos linked in the
description below the DMR's have been
buffed considerably in recent patches so
considering these guns are two of my
most used weapons I thought it would be
a good idea to run you through just how
they've changed both of these weapons do
quite a bit more damage than they
originally did and they both are a fair
bit more accurate the m39 EMR now does
45 damage out to 15 meters which drops
off to its minimum damage of 38 at 80
meters the SKS now does 43 damage out to
8 meters which drops off to its minimum
damage of 34 at 60 meters what this
means is that both the m39 and the SKS
now only need three bullets to kill at
all ranges the exception to this is when
your target is running the defensive
perk which reduces damage to the chest
by 10% the m39 still does enough damage
at range to maintain its three bullet
kill but unfortunately the SKS doesn't
fare so well and it ranges beyond about
40 meters it drops down to a four bullet
kill this isn't really a huge problem if
you use the SKS at close to mid ranges
but when you try and reach out to those
longer ranges you can't expect to drop
every target that you shoot at the
accuracy buffed of the DMR's has come in
the form of decrease to the spread
increase per shot what this means is
that you can fire your weapon faster and
still maintain your accuracy to some
degree similar to the effect a stubby
grip has on a weapon unfortunately it's
still not possible to spam these weapons
unless you're using both a heavy barrel
and a stubby grip so it all but the
shortest ranges you'll still need to
pace your shots to stay accurate either
way though this buff to damage and
accuracy has improved the performance at
range of both weapons and I find that
you can now be effective with both of
these weapons on almost every map being
that all of the DMR's have been patched
in some way together it's improved them
more but it's improved some more than
others the SKS still maintains its place
as the best close quarters DMR and the
m39 still falls somewhere between the
qbu and the ace 53 I feel like the M 39
has improved more than the SKS though
because accuracy was always its biggest
issue when compared to the
DMR's the only real way to combat its
accuracy problems was to run both a
heavy barrel and a stubby grip this
added to its already very high vertical
recoil and made the gun uncontrollable
for most players I find that now it's
very easy to run this weapon without the
heavy barrel although I probably would
still include the stubby grip in my
loadout this weapon has a higher than
average rate of fire compared to the
other DMR's and the stubby grip just
helps you take advantage of this the SKS
has always been pretty controllable to
begin with so the recoil increase of the
heavy barrel has never really been a
huge issue in the past I ran the heavy
barrel a lot on this weapon but since
the damage increased patch there's now a
distinct difference between long range
and short range DMR's
the way I look at it is why bother
plugging away at long range targets with
the SKS when there are now far more
accurate options that also kill in one
less bullet the SKS now feels the role
it did for me in battlefield 3 which is
that of a stealthy flanking weapon as
long as you have the element of surprise
on your side the SKS can easily go
toe-to-toe with automatic weapons in
close quarters so in my opinion you're
much better off using the SKS in close
quarters situations which is what it's
better at so what attachments would I
suggest for these weapons post patch
well like I said earlier I still like to
run the stubby grip with the m39 Amr and
I probably still would recommend running
with a one time sight and a magnifier
for a barrel attachment
I'd probably edge towards the flash
hider but if you still were having
issues controlling the kick of the gun
the muzzle break isn't going to hurt you
quite as much as it used to
you'll still get the accuracy penalty
when firing fast but if you're taking
longer range shots and you're letting
your gun settle it shouldn't affect your
accuracy at all the SKS like I mentioned
is a great weapon for a stealth loadout
and it works pretty well in conjunction
with an aggressive recon play style
using the motion balls the suppressor is
my preferred barrel attachment and I
usually run this gun with a one time
sight the laser sight works well in
conjunction with an Ergo grip for really
in your face running gun tactics but the
magnifier and stubby grip will help you
be a little more accurate if you play
more passively the heavy barrel will
make this gun very deadly out to forty
or fifty meters but like I said before
if you want a DMR for longer range shots
there are a whole heap of better
alternatives so last but not least have
my tactics changed for these weapons
well not really the M
39 is still better suited to larger maps
and I find it works best in obliteration
and rush game modes where you have a
better idea of where your enemy is going
to be it's more usable in TDM and
domination that a lot of other DMR's
but I wouldn't expect to go on any 10 +
kill streaks with it anytime soon on the
other hand the suppressed SKS in my
opinion is now one of my favorite
weapons for TDM and I regularly go on 5
+ kill streaks with it it's only
marginally better than it was on larger
maps unless of course you go all that
aggressive PDF Oh with it the buffs to
this weapon are largely towards CQB
abilities because it's still very
limited by its 4 bullet kill at long
range for both weapons though just
remember as always take it slow and
steady and keep an eye out for anything
that moves
these aren't God guns in their own right
and you honestly have to be a good
player to make them perform well make
sure you pair them up with kids in
sidearms to play to their strengths a
fast firing pistol and gadgets that
detect enemy players are always a good
idea I can see how claymores and c4
could be useful as well the whole point
is to gain the tactical advantage over
your enemy if they know where you are
they can put shots downrange that will
completely ruin your accuracy and if
they close the range gap they're fully
automatic weapons will drop your way
quicker than you can drop them but
anyway to wrap this video up the m39 Amr
and the SKS are still two of my favorite
weapons for good reason once you learn
to master them you'll be doing some
serious damage to the enemy team so if
you haven't already tried these weapons
out there's never been a better time to
give them a go I guarantee you won't be
disappointed so anyway guys that's it
thanks for watching and as always if you
like what you see please remember to
Like comment and subscribe and I'll just
mention that as I record this we're
almost at 900 subscribers so if you're
one of these people thank you so much
for your continued support and speaking
of continued support please check out
all my other battlefield 4 videos
they're all linked in a playlist in the
description below
and if you have any suggestions for
anything battlefield 4 related that
you'd like to see on this channel then
feel free to let me know in the comments
of this video or hit me up on Twitter at
Billy it world but until next time guys
see you later and have a good one